[APP] Change embeding to product rating (#1234)
nnstreamer/nntrainer: Applications/ProductRatings/README.md

# Product Ratings

> This application contains simple embeding based model that predicts ratings given user and product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application contains a simple embedding-based model that predicts ratings given a user and a product.
```

Author: Done
